Create xdr_quick_start.md (#809)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/xdr_quick_start.md

# Configure SEKOIA.IO XDR in 5 minutes

## Introduction

> Right after the creation of a brand new community, a first set of standard configurations are to be completed on SEKOIA.IO Operations Center pages. This executive note guides you on the principal steps to follow on the fisrt minutes of a community setup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Following the creation of a new community, there is a set of standard configurations on SEKOIA.IO Operations Center pages that needs to be completed. This executive note provides guidance on the primary steps to be taken in the first few minutes of setting up a community.
```

## Out of scope content 

> The configuration of your User Center, available [here](https://docs.sekoia.io/getting_started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full guide on how to create and setup an account, create and invite users to a community, manage roles, permissions and notifications and much more, is available [here](https://docs.sekoia.io/getting_started/).
```

## Out of scope content 

The full guide on how to create and setup an account, create and invite users to a community, manage roles, permissions and notifications and much more, is available [here](https://docs.sekoia.io/getting_started/).

## Let's get started

### Create an entity

1. Go to the Entities page and create an Entity
2. Select the `Alert generation` mode of your choice. More details [here](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/entities/)

![Untitled](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/0e0edb32-607d-4a0f-88aa-67687e9b3f5c/Untitled.png)

### Create intakes 

To create intakes associated to the technology you woud like to collect: 

1. Go to the Intakes page and create intakes one by one from the catalog
2. Make sure the logs are pushed to [SEKOIA.IO](http://SEKOIA.IO) using [syslog](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/rsyslog/) or [HTTPS](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/https/) protocols providing the Intake key accordingly, or pulled by API

!!! note

>     Find more details on each integration [here](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/integrations/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Find more details on each integration in our [integrations catalog](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/integrations/). 
```

![Untitled](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/e802b9ae-29fd-4a58-bf8e-e255fc4a5974/Untitled.png)

### Activate detection rules 

> 1. Enable all detection rules of effort levels 1 or 2 by filtring on each effort level then clicking on the “Enable all” button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable all detection rules of effort levels 1 or 2 by filtring on each effort level then clicking on the `Enable all` button
```

To create intakes associated to the technology you would like to collect: 

1. Go to the Intakes page and create intakes one by one from the catalog
2. Make sure the logs are pushed to [SEKOIA.IO](http://SEKOIA.IO) using [syslog](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/rsyslog/) or [HTTPS](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/https/) protocols providing the `Intake key` accordingly, or pulled by API

!!! note
    Find more details on each integration in our [integrations catalog](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/integrations/). 

![intakes](/assets/operation_center/quick_start/intakes.png){: style="max-width:100%"}

### Activate detection rules

Once your event logs are collected and normalized by SEKOIA.IO, you probably want to leverage them to detect suspicious activity within your perimeter. Rules contain the detection logic that determines when Alerts should be created.

1. Enable all detection rules of effort levels 1 or 2 by filtering on each effort level then clicking on the `Enable all` button

> 2. Automate the activation of future detection rule of the same effort levels following [this procedure](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/detect/rules_catalog/#enable-new-rules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Automate the activation of future detection rules with the same effort levels following [this procedure](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/detect/rules_catalog/#enable-new-rules)
```
